PowerTip features a very flexible design that is easy to customize, gives you a number of different ways to use the tooltips, has APIs for developers, and supports adding complex data to tooltips. It is being actively developed and maintained, and provides a very fluid user experience.

<p id="buttons">
<a href="https://github.com/downloads/stevenbenner/jquery-powertip/jquery.powertip-1.1.0.zip" class="button" id="download-link">Download v1.1.0</a>
<span>Zip file with examples, CSS, and script.</span>
</p>

### Unique Features

* **Checks for hover intent**

	Testing for hover intent makes it so that tooltips don't open the moment your mouse happens to cross an element with a tooltip. Users have to hover over the element for a moment before the tooltip will open. This provides a much smoother user experience.

* **Tooltip queuing**

	The tooltip queue makes it a fundamental rule of the system that there will only ever be one tooltip visible on the screen. When the user moves their cursor to another element with a tooltip, the last tooltip will close gracefully before the next tooltip opens.

### Features

* Straightforward implementation
* Simple configuration
* Supports static tooltips as well as tooltips that follow the mouse
* Ability to let users mouse on to the tooltips and interact with their content
* Mouse follow tooltips are constrained to the browser viewport
* Easy customization
* Works with keyboard navigation
* Smooth fade-ins and fade-outs
* Smart placement that (when enabled) will try to keep tooltips inside of the view port
* Multiple instances
* Works on any type of element
* Supports complex content (markup with behavior & events)
* Small footprint (only 6kb minified)
* Actively maintained

### Requirements

* jQuery 1.7 or later
